hi friends welcome to easy and homestyle
cooking I'm mrs. Ragini today I'm going
to share my husband's favorite favorite
recipe this is nothing but a non
vegetarian
it may be any non-vegetarian he loves to
eat it so today I'm going to share a
recipe with shrimp and that too we are
going to cook it a nice coconut milk
he loves this so let's start how to make
it
he's already sitting here he wants to
have this so here to make this dish very
simple we need certain ingredients we
are just going to grind it and use that
paste to make our shrimp curry so first
take a blender and add some finely or
you know just roughly chopped ginger and
garlic if you want you can sorta this
and then you can make a paste but today
I am just using the raw and some
lemongrass in this we are going to add
coriander nor the coriander leaf but the
stem and the root also just wash it
nicely and use it and some cardamom and
cloves as per you know how much spicy
you want you can add the cardamom and
clothes and also cinnamon so I have just
taken one cinnamon and some red chillies
if you have fresh red chilies you can
use the fresh red chilies but today I
don't have the fresh red chilies so what
I did is I have taken the dry red
chilies and I soaked it in hot water for
you know at least 5 to 10 minutes then I
got nice soft chilies so this also I am
going to add it and some turmeric also
everything you know this is a simple way
to make it so I am just showing you a
simple way all you can just add it in a
blender and we are going to make a paste
and make our curry or otherwise saute in
the oil just remove everything and then
you can make a paste but this is the
easiest way and whenever I make this
curry or you know this
learned it from my husband only always
he used to add shrimp paste so if you
have the shrimp heads tails and you can
just sort a little bit of that butter
and use that in the paste
he will tell that gives an awesome
flavor but I don't you know I don't like
to eat it so what I love to do is I take
this dry shrimp which we get it in the
market take that powder you can just add
some fry to seven of dried shrimp this
dry shrimp or you know dry fish will
give nice stinky flavor this stays
excellent so this I am going to make a
paste so difference here is our nice
chili paste
so here the pan is nice and hot first
what we are going to do is add some oil
and in this we are going to first sort a
the shrimp so just add your shrimp and
this is going to sort it both the sides
just first you know a minute and that's
it we are going to remove this so this
is ready just transfer into a plate so
difference always my husband says add
oil first fry the shrimp and in the same
oil make the curry then only you will
get an excellent flavors to your curry
so keep that in mind and now in the same
oil we are going to add this chili paste
and the shrimp paste we did not add salt
so we are going to add salt so this I am
going to cook for three minutes and then
we are going to add the coconut milk so
difference after just two minutes of
sauteing this you can see oil has pulled
out and now we are going to add this
coconut milk you can just add one cup of
coconut milk we are going to boil this
for three minutes and then we are going
to add the shrimp because we already
sorted the shrimp so I don't want the
shrimp to cook too much so just in the
last we are going to add it and we are
going to simmer this for another one
and then switch off the flame so
difference here you can see initially it
was you know thin now you can see it is
nice and thick so you can just boil this
for you know five minutes no problem and
now we are going to add the just sauteed
shrimp we are going to just simmer this
for another minute
so last you can just add some lime juice
and I have already checked it salt is
perfect and nice spiciness if you want
more of spiciness you can add good
amount of red chillies if you have
noticed I did not add any chili powder I
just added only the chilies so just use
the chilies which are nice and hot and
red in color just mix it once if you
want you can add some chopped coriander
on top and serve this dish with nice
coconut rice difference I have already
showed you how to make a simple coconut
rice make the tries and make this shrimp
in coconut milk and serve you will enjoy
this so just now
switch off the flame and this is ready I
am just going to just have little bit
hmmm nice spicy and the flavor of this
shrimp that is a dry shrimp is all over
the gravy wow this is so nice
my husband will enjoy this like anything
so difference this goes to my husband I
love shrimp all you know fried so this
is to him see you in another session
with some more recipes that to home
style and do share it with your friends
and make fresh food for your families
see you again